docs: 📝 clarify licensing options and enhance descriptions in README (#146)
ultralytics/inference: README.md

[![Ultralytics open-source contributors](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ultralytics/assets/main/im/image-contributors.png)](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/graphs/contributors)

## 📜 License

Ultralytics offers two licensing options to suit different needs:

> - **AGPL-3.0 License**: This [OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/license/agpl-3.0) open-source license is perfect for students, researchers, and enthusiasts. It encourages open collaboration and knowledge sharing. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ultralytics/inference/blob/main/LICENSE) file for full details.

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: Linking the license file to the `main` branch hard-codes this README to one branch/repository state. In GitHub, crates.io, and forks, the existing relative `LICENSE` link is more robust because it resolves against the current branch/tag automatically.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- **AGPL-3.0 License**: This [OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/license/agpl-3.0) open-source license is perfect for students, researchers, and enthusiasts. It encourages open collaboration and knowledge sharing. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.
```

> - **Ultralytics Enterprise License**: Designed for commercial use, this license allows for the seamless integration of Ultralytics software and AI models into commercial products and services, bypassing the open-source requirements of AGPL-3.0. If your use case involves commercial deployment, please contact us via [Ultralytics Licensing](https://www.ultralytics.com/license).

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This wording implies that any commercial deployment requires the enterprise license, which is misleading because AGPL-3.0 still permits commercial use as long as its conditions are met. Since this section is specifically meant to clarify licensing, it should avoid suggesting that `commercial` and `AGPL` are mutually exclusive.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- **Ultralytics Enterprise License**: Designed for organizations that need to integrate Ultralytics software and AI models into proprietary commercial products and services without AGPL-3.0 obligations. If you need a commercial license for your use case, please contact us via [Ultralytics Licensing](https://www.ultralytics.com/license).
```
